improving install guide (#177)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/install.md

 menuentry "XCP-ng Install (serial)" {
    multiboot2 /EFI/xcp-ng/xen.gz dom0_mem=2048M,max:2048M watchdog \
    dom0_max_vcpus=4 com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga
    module2 /EFI/xcp-ng/vmlinuz console=hvc0 install
    module2 /EFI/xcp-ng/install.img
 }
```
4. Copy this `grub.cfg` file to `EFI/xenserver` folder on the TFTP server
5. Get the following files from XCP-ng ISO: `grubx64.efi`, `install.img` (from the root directory), `vmlinuz`, and `xen.gz` (from the /boot directory) to the new EFI/xcp-ng directory on the TFTP server.

How TFTP folder looks like when configured
```
tree -L 1 /srv/tftp/
srv/tftp
└── EFI
    ├── xcp-ng
    │   ├── grubx64.efi
    │   ├── install.img
    │   ├── vmlinuz
    │   └── xen.gz
    └── xenserver
        └── grub.cfg
```

On the FTP, NFS or HTTP serveur, get all the installation media content in there.

> For layout example check the [offical repository](https://updates.xcp-ng.org/netinstall/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For layout example check the [official repository](https://mirrors.xcp-ng.org/netinstall/latest).
```

>     module2 /EFI/xcp-ng/install.img

Reviewer: I think line 221 is missing the `install` parameter, isn't it?

 }
```

> 4. Copy this `grub.cfg` file to `EFI/xenserver/xcp-ng` folder on the TFTP server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy this `grub.cfg` file to `EFI/xenserver/` folder on the TFTP server
```

5. Get the following files from XCP-ng ISO: `grubx64.efi`, `install.img` (from the root directory), `vmlinuz`, and `xen.gz` (from the /boot directory) to the new EFI/xcp-ng directory on the TFTP server.

How TFTP folder looks like when configured
```
tree -L 1 /srv/tftp/
srv/tftp
└── EFI
    ├── xcp-ng
    │   ├── grubx64.efi
    │   ├── install.img
    │   ├── vmlinuz
    │   └── xen.gz
    └── xenserver
        └── grub.cfg
```

On the FTP, NFS or HTTP serveur, get all the installation media content in there.
How the HTTP dir looks like:
```
tree /var/www/html/ -L 2 -a
/var/www/html/
├── index.html
└── xcp-ng
    ├── boot
    ├── client_install
    ├── EFI
    ├── EULA
    ├── install.img
    ├── LICENSES
    ├── Packages
    ├── repodata
    ├── RPM-GPG-KEY-CH-8
    ├── RPM-GPG-KEY-CH-8-LCM
    ├── RPM-GPG-KEY-Platform-V1
    └── .treeinfo

>  ```

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary, and this won't age well when the contents of the installation ISO changes, and it's only about HTTP when we also support NFS and FTP cases.

Suggestion: just point towards https://mirrors.xcp-ng.org/netinstall/latest/ as an example?

Author: great proposal I will do it!
